# Scoreboard Project Setup Documentation

## Table of Contents

1. [Project Overview](#project-overview)
2. [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
3. [Environment Setup](#environment-setup)
4. [Project Setup](#project-setup)
5. [Running the Application](#running-the-application)

## Project Overview

This project is a simple web application using Express.js, JWT for authentication, and Server-Sent Events (SSE) for real-time score updates. User data will be managed using a MySQL database.

## System Requirements

- **Node.js**: Version 14 or higher
- **npm**: Version 6 or higher
- **MySQL**: Version 5.7 or higher
- **Redis Server**: Version 5.0.3 or higher
- **Operating System**: Windows, macOS, or Linux
- **Hardware**: 1 core, 1 GB RAM

## Environment Setup

1. **Install Node.js**:

   - Download and install Node.js from the [official website](https://nodejs.org/).
   - Verify the installation by running the following commands in your terminal:
     ```bash
     node -v
     npm -v
     ```

2. **Install MySQL**:

   - Download and install MySQL from the [official website](https://www.mysql.com/).
   - Follow the installation instructions for your operating system.

3. **Create Express app**:

   Create project directory and install the required packages:

   ```json
   {
     "body-parser": "^1.20.3",
     "cookie-parser": "^1.4.7",
     "cors": "^2.8.5",
     "express": "^4.21.2",
     "jsonwebtoken": "^9.0.2",
     "express-rate-limit": "^7.4.1"
   }
   ```

4. **Set Up MySQL Database**:
   - Create a new database for the project.
   - Create a table for users with the following SQL command:
     ```sql
     CREATE TABLE users (
         id INT AUTO_INCREMENT PRIMARY KEY,
         username VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL UNIQUE,
         password VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
         score INT(11) NOT NULL DEFAULT 0
     );
     ```

## Project Setup

1. **Configure Database Connection**:

   - Configure the database connection details in your code (host, user, password, database name) to connect to your MySQL database.

2. **Configure the Secret Key**:

   - Configure the JWT key variable in the code with a secure value.

3. **Configure Cors**:

   - Configure the CORS access project domain. (ex: localhost:3000)

4. **Configure rate-limit**:

   - Configure the rate limit for all api that only accept 30 request per minute

## Running the Application

1. **Start the Server**:

   - Run the following command to start the application:
     ```bash
     npm start
     ```
   - The server will be running on `http://localhost:3000`.

2. **Access the Application**:
   - Open your web browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000` to access the application.

## Additional Notes

- Ensure that you have the necessary permissions to access the MySQL database.
- You can modify the scoring logic and user management as needed.
- For production, consider hashing passwords and implementing additional security measures.
